fix: Insert channel params before posting new order (#2056)
get10101/10101: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix(mobile): Calculate counterparty balance correctly when checking the validity of trade parameters.
- Fix(trade): Spawn dedicated tokio task when executing trade.
- Chore(wallet): Unreserve locked utxos if offer get rejected.

> - Fix(order): Commit order before posting order to the coordinator. Preventing the app to run in a race condition where it could happen that the app receives the match before the http request finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix(order): Insert channel-opening parameters before posting order to the coordinator. This prevents the app from running into a race condition between the completion of the HTTP request and the app being notified about the order being matched.
```
